Tutorial for (mostly Symbol based) interfacing with problems, integrators, and solutions (#639)
SciML/Catalyst.jl: docs/src/catalyst_applications/simulation_structure_interfacing.md

Generally, when we have a structure `simulation_struct` and want to interface with the state (or parameter) `G`, we use `simulation_struct[:G]` to access the value, and `simulation_struct[:G] = 5.0` to set it to a new value. However, see the following examples for full details.

## Interfacing problem objects

We begin by demonstrating how we can interface with problem objects. We will demonstrate using a `ODEProblem`, however, it works similarily for other problem types.
```example ex1
using Catalyst
rn = @reaction_network begin
    (k1,k2), X1 <--> X2
end

u0 = [:X1 => 1.0, :X2 => 5.0]
p = [:k1 => 5.0, :k2 => 2.0]
oprob = ODEProblem(rn, u0, (0.0,10.0), p)
nothing    # hide
```

We can find the value of a state simply by interfacing with the corresponding symbol:
```example ex1
oprob[:X1]
```
with the notation being identical for parameters:
```example ex1
oprob[:k1]
```

If we want to change a state's value, we use the following notation
```example ex1

> oprob[:X1] = 10.0

Reviewer: Maybe a better example here is to run and plot like 10 solutions. Then you would to keep the original around as indeed I think you'd have an issue without using copies with the mutation (i.e. the problem would be in an inconsistent state on the next simulation). Then you can use `deepcopy`, but I'd also add an explanation then for why it is needed.

> oprob[:X1] = 10.0

Author: Doing an ensemble would make sense, but wanted to keep this example focused, and not start repeating what we have in other tutorial. Should explain more in depth though, agreed.

> oprob[:X1] = 10.0

Author: fixed.

nothing    # hide
```
and we can now check the fields of `oprob2`
```example ex1
oprob2.u0
```
```example ex1
oprob2.tspan
```
```example ex1
oprob2.p
```
Please note that, currently, `remake` does not work while giving `Symbol`s as input (e.g `[:X1 => 10.0, :X2 => 50.0]`), but we need to unpack the symbolic variables and use them instead (please see the end of this tutorial for more information on using symbolic variables rather than `Symbol`s).

When using `remake`, we only have to provide the fields that we actually wish to change, e.g.
```example ex1
oprob3 = remake(oprob1; u0=[X1 => 10.0, X2 => 50.0])
nothing    # hide
```
will only update the initial conditions.

## Interfacing integrator objects

During a simulation, the solution is stored in an integrator object, we will here describe how to interface with these. The primary circumstance under which a user may wish to do so is when using [callbacks](@ref advanced_simulations_callbacks). We can create an integrator by calling `init` on our problem (the user will rarely use `init` though, since integrators are automatically created during simulations):
```example ex1
integrator = init(oprob)
```

> again, using a similar syntax to problems, we can get the values of a state:

Author: Is this something that anyone would actually ever do? Just wanted to somehow acquire an integrator to show how stuff worked on.

> again, using a similar syntax to problems, we can get the values of a state:

Reviewer 2: Yes, it's useful in animations, interactive contexts, GUIs, and such.,

> again, using a similar syntax to problems, we can get the values of a state:

Author: Excellent. Maybe it would make sense to add that to the "advanced simulation tutorials" and just link that one from here?

> again, using a similar syntax to problems, we can get the values of a state:

Reviewer: Also useful for resetting a simulation without reinitializing all the cache structures I believe.

https://docs.sciml.ai/DiffEqDocs/stable/basics/integrator/

```example ex1
integrator[:X1]
```
or a parameter:
```example ex1
integrator[:k1]
```
Similarly, we can update their values using:
```example ex1
integrator[:X1] = 10.0
```
Please read [this](@ref advanced_simulations_ssa_callbacks) with regards to updating integrators of `JumpProblem`s.

## Interfacing solution objects

Finally, we consider solution objects. First, we simulate our problem:
```example ex1
sol = solve(oprob)
```
For solutions, when we access a state, we get its whole simulation vector:
```example ex1
sol[:X1]
```
while when we access a parameter we only get a single value:
```example ex1
sol[:k1]
```
Finally, we note that we cannot change the values of solution states or parameters (i.e. both `sol[:X1] = 0.0` and `sol[:k1] = 0.0` generate errors).

## Interfacing using symbolic representation

Catalyst is built on an *intermediary representation* implemented by (ModelingToolkit.jl)[https://github.com/SciML/ModelingToolkit.jl]. ModelingToolkit is a modelling framework where one first declares a set of symbolic variables and parameters using e.g.
```example ex2
using ModelingToolkit
@parameters σ ρ β
@variables t x(t) y(t) z(t)
nothing # hide
```

> and then uses these to build systems of equations. Here, these symbolic variables (`x`, `y`, and `z`) and parameters (`σ`, `ρ`, and `β`) can be used to interface a `problem`, `integrator`, and `solution` object (like we did previously, but using Symbols, e.g. `:X`). Since Catalyst models are built on ModelingToolkit, these models also contain similar symbolic variables and parameters. However, these cannot be directly used, but needs to be imported into the current scope using the `@unpack` macro:

Reviewer: As you can also get them via `rn.X1`, thereby avoiding `@unpack`, I wouldn't say they can't be used directly.

```example ex2
using Catalyst
rn = @reaction_network begin
    (k1,k2), X1 <--> X2
end

@unpack k1,k2,X1,X2 = rn
```

> Here, we first list the parameters and variables (for reaction systems called "species") we which to import (in this case we select all, but we could select only a subset), next we denote from which model (here `rn`) from which we wish to import from. Next, these values can be used directly to interface with e.g. an `ODEProblem`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, we first list the parameters and variables (for reaction systems the latter are typically species) we wish to import (in this case we select all, but we could select only a subset), next we denote from which model (here `rn`) from which we wish to import from. Next, these values can be used directly to interface with e.g. an `ODEProblem`:
```

```example ex2

> u0 = [:X1 => 1.0, :X2 => 5.0]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
u0 = [X1 => 1.0, X2 => 5.0]
```
Show `u0` and `p` can be built with the symbolic parameters too?
